Cyber-surgeon, JavaScript person
Red Mars for the rich!
So presumptuous, with tongue in cheeck. So presumptuous, belittle me
We're gonna get there, Polygondwanaland
Why is time my money?
So let's start killing things!
I need to slow... My mind down low...
BIG FIG WASP!
I think i'll die, when Doom City air this way comes
I'm the Gila, the blood spiller the witch killer
Will we survive ice V?
To a bird, what's a plane?
THERE IS NO PLANET B!!! OPEN YOUR EYES AND SEEE!
C'mon through the door, see it's your unborn self!
I can see everything, I can be in the music
Trap door, trap door, the trap door's a trap!
There aren't fables, between pages, my book's ageless, and it's pageless
I've heard a story, could be true, about a color under blue
Nonagon, nonagon, nonagon infinity up!
And from the Lords electric chair, one goes in his electric chair
I'll fill her heart, with a lot of love, so the sun can shine a little brighter.
Farm colossal! Wake the fossil! In the fields of beef!
Grow the mushroom, feed the volcano
Empty, there is nothing deep inside of me.
The same shit for me ain't the same shit for you!
I'm feeling like a horse on ket
The bitter boogie comes without a warning
Go on then, blame it on the weather
This thing we left outside is waterlogged
Dead again in the void, what was the lesson, God?
Cyboogie, a hunk of grey matt, multitude cells in his metallic dome
Paper mâché, dream balloon
I believe, the hyperbole. I see the fourth colour.
I am analyzing information, now I am a God
No escaping battleground PUBG
No future, computer, abuser
The last who feels the pain from the wound, the last to be birthed from the flesh of a womb. A wretched life in this altered place, there must be more i can embrace.
Better for the earth is AstroTurf
AUTO-CREMATE! SELF-IMMOLATE!
Venusian, sickness dire. I want to be, set on fire
I've been drinking, on the job
Not much thinkin' going on about the passengers I got on board
The supercell, the bombshell carousel raising hell
This little man, is too hot to handle
Put back, poor fishies should be free
Don't do it, you ain't a god
You can watch your movies in 3D
People-vultures, God approaches
I like Vegemite
Nonagon infinity opens the door!
The spawn of Satan's back, it's made of steel and black
Boogie, boogie, boogie, boogie
Wah-wah-wah-wah-wah-wah-wah-wah-wah-wah-wah-wah-wah
Once I missed a beat, only missed a beat
PetroDragonic Apocalypse
Light the fuel. Propogate oxygen and heat
The apostle of conscious dying, whispers to me: "Keep on trying"
Queasy green, rotten scoff. Vomit cough
My creature had no love for me. Which made me berserk
I am convered on vomit, i am coated in sick. I have no name and no place, this is no way to live
I know I'm lazy but baby, I will work this time
And all that was green is fire and dust, and all that was blue has dried up
Is this what we consider changing, for the better maybe?
From the ISS, ungodly high. Chaos madness evolves below nigh
FLAMEEEETHROWERRR!
Let's get real high!
Helloooo, Evil Kneviel!
Hot water
Road trip with me, Vitamin V, I see the ground
Tezeta, Tezeta
Phantom island, insane asylum
16 horses galloping
When I'm in your mind, then I'm in your mind
Deserted dunes welcome weary feet
I am Lord, I am death
I heard there's a holy yellow sky, just make sure you close your eyes
Oh baby, I got persistence. Keep pushing like the Ford motor pistons
If not now, then when?
Theia, a force of destiny
Fuck all of that plastic
Everybody's lazy when they're tired, cause everybody's sucking on fluoride
I'm the grim reaper, chimney sweeper, gatekeeper
I wanna feel them frost flakes on my face again
I still hate dancin'
I might like dancin'
I feel like dancin'
The deeper the cut, the thicker the blood
The universe is a machine, that has awoken from a dream
Space is the place for the human race!
Giver of life and the giver of speed, ever we take even her gravity
Frog breath, steam tent
Now it's me and my iron lung
I've got ideas in my brain, about the end of the world, that I won't even say
Am I in heaven?
Bye bye Shanghai, I've become a butterfly
One minute, you're swigging on a green tea. Next minute, floating on a pillow in a den
Everybody's getting ready to fight, cause everybody thinks that they are right
Faith only blinds ideology, well that ain't peace and that ain't free
Trust in the river, I had floated down
God it's pretty hot down here, under surface
Remember! Where to enter! The door to hell is amber!
Fifteen infantry paratroop into the propylene new scene, hell's where they wanna be!
Let me tell you bout this '80s lady named Sadie, she's wild like a witch, she's more fly than quidditch
My body's not a temple, it is a vessel
Searching...
Drink your booze and smoke your weed
You can be your silhouette
Can't get a message to my brain, I can't control myself amymore
Every life is like a song, that takes forever to be sung
Satan's at the door, who's he looking for?
NUUUUUCLEAAAR FUUUUSIOOOOONNN
Gila Monster, set alight
Can you guess the first thing I've seen on Kepler-22b? A telescope pointing back at me.
Death, smells like boiled eggs
Slay the mighty Set, slay the mighty Set
I see through the bricks, to the sea, crumbling castle
I don't want to be a crumbling, crumbling, crumbling castle
Who should we please? Who's to believe? Who should be change for? Who could we be?
Isn't this the place for you? Here in the garden, we're safe for now
I, I am the one. I am the none. I am nobody. I am no one. I am God. I am you. I am me. I am Gaia
And I floated through a deep dream, smooth sailing through the castle in the air
Rattlesnake, rattlesnake, rattlesnake, rattles me
Deadstick, death wish
Do you wanna be just like the evilest man?
Drifting in and out of sleep, is my favourite state to be
Thawing ices, worse then ISIS
What in the world is going on? That pretty picture's looking wrong
Your real's not real
Open water, where's the shore gone?
Superbug, coming up, feels like he'll never stop
